{{
  categories:
    - socialtext
    - work
  image_id: 5838897788
}}

# Moving on up.

So a few weeks ago I applied for a position at Socialtext, a company that deals primarily in social software.

So a few weeks ago I applied for a position at Socialtext, a company that deals primarily in social software. I've been interviewing with them for a couple weeks now, and on Thursday Ross Mayfield called me during lunch and offered me the position. As of Monday afternoon, I have officially accepted their offer and given my notice at IU. My last day is July 13th. 

This is an amazing, and fairly daunting opportunity. Indiana University has become my little safe haven, and I'm comfortable here. I finally realize how dangerous of a situation that can be at a place like Indiana University. While there are some amazingly intelligent and compassionate people working here, there are also many people just wasting away until they can retire. I don't want to end up like that, even if it's a low likelihood. I like the people here, but I feel that I need to move on and get some different experiences. So this is going to be a good thing. 

So the new gig is Senior Technical Support Engineer. I'm not completely sure what that means in the grand scheme of the company yet, but I stand to learn a lot in a very short period of time. Since I've also been getting into wikis and social software, and I'm loving this stuff. So, I can't wait to sink my teeth into Socialtext. 

One of the nicer things about the Palo Alto based company is that a large portion of the employees telecommute. This means that I don't have to leave Bloomington anytime soon, but it also means that I will be working from home for the foreseeable future. This means I will be needing to set up an office in my house post haste. I've been looking at finding a desk that's more conducive to work, but I can't find one I like yet. I also have a whole host of items to replicate so that I can have a conducive work environment. But overall I'm looking forward to having a real office at home. 

As for my current work? Well the LSPS stuff was looking a little bleak, even if the people were looking pretty amusing. Being the Linux poster boy in a room of windows support guys? Not really what I need to advance my career. 

However, I will miss that A pass come time to take classes.
