{{
  categories:
    - gaming
    - area5
    - video games
    - rebelfm
  image_id: 3599004893
}}

# Lament for The 1up Show.

The 1up show is dead. I am a sad panda.

The 1up show is dead. I am a sad panda.

Ziff Davis sold 1up to UGO, who cut out all the 'fat' and fired 30 amazing people who worked at 1up, including the 1up show staffers. Some of the guys have started up [RebelFM](http://www.eat-sleep-game.com/news/) and can use donations to further that goal. Matt and Ryan, of the 1up show, are working on hatching a video type show in the same vein of the 1up show, and are also accepting donations to that end on their site [Talking Orange](http://talkingorange.com/).

It's been almost two years since I started Watching the 1up show regularly, during that time it has quickly become my favorite and most anticipated podcast to consume on a weekly basis. I had snagged a few video game podcasts from time to time, but they were always a disappointment. Most were simply canned content more akin to advertisements and lame attempts to appeal to my generation than they were legitimate gamers discussing games with a passion. (The Instance is a notable exception from the "all gaming podcasts suck" rule)

With my high school attachment to our digital media lab with it's fancy (for the late nineties) video editing software (I'm still not sure how our teacher was able to con an AVID station, 50gb of SCSI diskspace, and a targa card that did real time digitizing, for our class in a time when a 500mb hard drive was the standard). I can appreciate attention to detail, and what felt like a sense of pride that the staff had in this show. I could feel the care and work that went into the show, and was always surprised that it was free. The last season's opening title sequence is still amazing, I wish I had a HD version of it so I could see the detail in the graphics work, for I am a dork.

My peer group has historically been fairly devoid of what I would consider `normal gamers`. Geeks-a-plenty, but until recently only a single friend owned an xbox (it was stolen shortly after he bought it so I don't know if he even counts), and only a precious few owned game consoles from this generation (Mostly Wiis). Having the 1up show was a weekly dose of 'No, you're not an outlier, we're just as nuts, and if fact we make you look normal. So catch the fuck up.' I like to think that watching them helped me a little to become motivated enough to take the move-across-the-country-and-work-for-EA/Rupture plunge.

The 1up show became a weekly ritual to watch on the crowded bus on the way to my classes. Surrounded by noisy frat rats and inane undergrads almost ten years my junior, I took solace between my headphones watching the adventures of the 1up group, and slowly became to think of them as quasi-friends. (Which is the term I use to designate a non-creepy one way friendship with famous type people) A better way to put it might be that I became invested in many of the writers and personalities. For example, when James Mielke enlisted the help of Uematsu and Amano to help him propose I'd be lying if I said I wasn't touched to the point of fighting back a tear or two. When Jeff and Shane left 1up I felt a sense of loss at their passing.

I still find it kind of strange how quickly the 1up show, and it's staff, became a part of my life. I wish them the very best, and hope that whatever comes next will end up being even more amazing than their times at 1up. Because, after all, their passion doesn't come from being part of a massive company, but rather from a deep love of gaming and the industry. And I think that makes all the difference.
