{{
  categories:
    - photography
    - camera
  image_id: 2396980503
}}

# On halfassed photography

One of the very few traditional hobbies I've ever enjoyed has been photography.

One of the very few traditional hobbies I've ever enjoyed has been photography.

When I was a kid, my Dad got me this mundane point and shoot Kodak camera. It was all manual with no options or features. I used the hell out of it for a long time, and took some really shitty photos. One day a friend tossed me his old Samsung zoom film camera, and I was so excited. I mean this baby had 2x ZOOM! And, sweet merciful christ, it advanced and loaded film with a motor. Very high tech shit right here, let me tell you.

I took a decent amount of photography in High School, and while I loved it and seemed proficient (well, enough to get As every semester with little work), the hassle, and materials and the general overwhelming cost of actually getting into doing real photography was enough to chase me off. Hated the hassle of buying film, hated developing film, and hated the developing chemicals. And I wasn't even doing color prints; this was fairly painless B&W stuff.

So, I gave it up and instead picked up. Well. I guess video games and staring at the internet to keep my mind busy for the next few years.

I was working at UITS and I rounded up enough spare cash to purchase a Kodak DX3900. A crappy little point and shoot camera that worked well enough. It had a lousy range, and wasn't very flexible. But, I got a few good shots off like this, this, or this. But nothing I ever felt too impressed with. I got good feedback, and general encouragement to learn more and get better. But, my camera started limping, the battery stopped holding a charge, and the viewfinder is about 20% off center of the final photo.. so I stopped using it.

I was considering getting a new Point and Shoot like Jenn's Canon PowerShot A710 that I've been borrowing, but every time I borrow it I feel frustrated. It's like I have to fight the camera to take any real pictures. I see friends taking photos in the same settings with the same light, with amazing differences in the outcome.

I'm not saying that I don't get a few good shots, I pulled a few decent shots out of my ass, but comparing to pictures a friend/coworker took at the same time there's really no comparison, especially at lower light levels.

I tend to take pictures candidly with no flash, which leads to a lot of blurring and frustration for me. It's obnoxious to take close to 200 pictures and having only like 5-10 clear enough for me to post process them at all.

So, camera envy, coupled with feeling like I wanted a non computer centric hobby lead me to start looking into getting a nicer camera. I decided that I wanted a DSLR, because the pictures from those cameras were just intrinsically of a higher quality. The larger sensor, combined with better ranges, lenses and features make these the only really attractive cameras to me. Plus DSLRs excel in rapid burst shooting and instant on, the prospect of a camera going from cold to ready to shoot in less than a second is very intriguing.

So I figured I'd take the easy route and just see what people on Flickr used. Flickr has a neat chart of camera usage and I took the first few cameras off the list, and looked into them.

First up was the Canon Digital Rebel XTi. The XTi is Canon's entry level DSLR camera. It's small, uncomplicated, self cleaning, and a really decent camera. It runs about 600-700 and is a pretty popular camera. I was pretty set on getting one until I got my hands on one. I have rather big hands, and the XTi is a tiny camera. Well, it's not that tiny, it's just too small for me to get a comfortable grip while holding it. I have to really pinch it to keep a grip on the body. I wish my hands were smaller, but what can you do.

I took a look at the D80 that had been recommended to me by a friend, it's a lot more expensive, breaching the 900 mark, but not quite passing into the $1k territory. The difference was apparent immediately. The D80 was larger, more solid, fit in my hand better, and had a much more usable interface. Top mounted Status LCD, a hud in the viewfinder, higher ISO/ranges.

So I've been leaning towards the D80, but I'm a little gun shy. On the one hand, I can afford it without that much trouble. But on the other hand it's hard to justify getting a Camera on this level when all I've ever owned were shitty Point and Shooters. Plus, whenever I buy anything this expensive that's not a computer I always worry that I'm just going to not use it either out of fear of breaking it, or out of indifference. There's also the nagging fear that I may just suck, and I don't want to spend $1k just to find out I suck.

Although, I guess that if I decide to get rid of it I'll be able to get a decent price for it around town or on eBay to some journalism student or something. I also worry about whether I'm going to like the fact that it's noisy, unlike P&S cameras, and I also worry about how much more it weighs. If I think it's too big I fear I might just leave it home all the time.

I've still got a lot of reading to do, and I plan to go handle the cameras a few more times before I make a decision. But, I wanted to brain dump a little. Found a good comparison between the XTi and the D80 I need to read in detail.

Oh! Before I forget, Roberts, the camera store down on Kirkwood, is amazing. Their prices are excellent, their staff is polite and knowledgeable, and I look forward to giving them more business. LocalBusinesses++
