{{
  categories:
    - uits
    - ussg
    - reorg
  image:
    name: "Garden"
    link: "http://www.flickr.com/photos/weirdo513/2827592548/in/set-72157605905856197/"
    url:  "http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3130/2827592548_e013d1c794_m.jpg"
}}

# Gotta keep busy.

We got a reorged man walking... a reorged man walking here... 

This past few days at work have been a bit surreal. I show up at the same time, but there's this weird feeling when I realize I don't technically have the job I'm pretending I still have... it's a bit weird. Things are still up in the air in regards to whether I'm losing my computer, my cube, or other miscellaneous items to which I've grown accustomed. 

I applied for the first job I've applied for outside the university in like five years. That was a bit of a trip. That, and realizing that I've been working in one way or another for IU for the past seven years, five years if you only want to count my full time working. It's kind of a shift for me to think about not working at UITS anymore after this long. 

But enough about all that, we'll figure that out as thing develop. No sense freaking out about things that may not even happen. 

I've been keeping busy these days. I started listening to the Penny Arcade (Downloadable Content) and the Kevin Smith / Scott Mosier (SModCast) podcasts. I'm still going through the backlogs, but they are both extremely amusing. Granted the Penny-Arcade one tends to err on the side of video gaming minutia, but it also strays into topics like parenting and they generally seem to keep things on a somewhat approachable level. And, much like his films, the Kevin Smith casts are very NSFW. 

Turning to gaming, I picked up Elite Beat Agents and Yoshi's Island for the DS. I've been playing a lot of of Elite Beat Agents, and I've almost beaten the second to last difficulty, but the last song is a pain in the ass, and I've not taken the time to sit down and beat it yet. For those of you who have no idea what the hell I'm talking about, you should really check it out. Short explanation is that it's a music rhythm game that you use your stylus to tap along with the beat of the song on the touch screen of the DS. It sounds painfully tedious but it is one of the most fun experiences I've had with my DS so far. People seem to be complaining that it's too hard, so I would caution people to head down to target (or any other download and play station) with your DS and try it out at their download and play station, but it's really a quite enjoyable game. Here's a video of someone playing the Japanese version (Ouendan) of the game I can't find a good movie of someone playing the English version. (Bear in mind that that is a video of the most difficult board in the game on the hardest difficulty). 

Yoshi's Island ended up being a perfectly wonderful sequel to a great game, but so far nothing to scream and shout about. 

I'm also playing a lot of Warcraft still, and enjoying my choice to swap servers to play with friends. It's been a lot more fun to log on and have people to talk to... grated I'm still like 6 levels away from playing with them actively, but I'll get there. 

I got bored last week and started getting episodes of the office, because I hadn't seen any of it, and people keep freaking out about it. The first few episodes didn't hook me but it's gotten a lot better in the late second season. I started the third season today and it's been good so far. I recently ran out of Disk space so I've not had much room for new media.

